hi everybody from Terrance and welcome
to this unusual focus on the LTE
capabilities of both the Sony Xperia P
and the Sony Xperia Z first of all I
want to thank our friend so Natalya and
global mobile for these devices we have
for our test well just start the
speedtest net which we will use to in
order to see which is the fastest of
these two devices I mean these dozen you
know don't want to be a scientific test
or nothing like this nevertheless you
know being able to test 2 LTE devices on
the same mobile mobile operator because
both these devices use h 3g the italian
mobile provider and of course both we
use the h 3g server in order to test the
speed of the net as you can see here so
given this fact maybe we will have a
good comparison between these two
devices let me zoom a little bit just
you have a better view of the episode
and let's start the test
so the pink is more or less the same so
we have a deal this or experience efore
this one seems to win we have maybe it
slightly higher in time but we have a
better download speed we have 41 on 83
versus 36-point 3063 sorry well we have
the upload speed which is 27 point 31
against 12.8 30 let's just perform
another run okay seems like we have once
more better ping no now we have a better
ping yes auntie sonic speed Ozzy 32
milliseconds against 40 milliseconds but
once more we have better download speed
and upload speed on the sonic speed abhi
we are 37 version 34 we have 27 vs 13
not last mon
now we have more or less the same thing
we have 40 megabit per second download
speed against 34 megabit per second
download speed and we have once more 27
against 14 so just to give you an idea I
already run this test several time with
these two devices together what I could
see is that maybe the download speed of
both devices are more or less the same
maybe a little bit faster than sonic
speed up be but not that faster while we
have really a big difference were
concerned upload speed which is almost
you know two times the upload speed I
mean the sonic speed AVI has almost two
times the upload speed of the Sony
Xperia Z so for this quick test on the
LT capabilities of this sonic speed of
D&D Sony Xperia Z that's all what's more
thanks for watching and bye from tech
most
you